Signet  11/22/06
Release Notes for CVS-tagged version 1.1.TMP03 

1. The 1.1.TMPnn series of checkins contain the new Signet internal architecture
   and new Signet API. This is still a work-in-progress, hence the TMPnn 
   designation. TMP03 does seem to be working in all areas but has not undergone
   rigorous testing.

2. The Signet build (build.xml, et. al.) has been modified as follows:
  a. Target 'production' no longer deploys signet.war to Tomcat. Target
     'development' still does, however.
  b. The 3 signet jar files (signet-api-x.x.x.jar, signet-ui-x.x.x.jar, and
     signet-util-x.x.x.jar) each contain manifest files with date and version
     information.
  c. subject-0.2.2-cvs.jar is assumed to reside in Signet's lib directory.
     It is checked-in to Signet's CVS and will be retrieved during a checkout.
     I had to make some changes to SubjectAPI and felt that, for the short-
     term, it would be better to not have inter-project dependencies.
  d. The Signet project does depend on the i2mi-common project, which is a
     collection of 3rd party libraries. There's nothing to build, just check
     it out from CVS before building Signet. Depending on where you put
     i2mi-common, you may need to change the build variable
     'i2mi_common_lib.dir' defined in file buildSignet.properties.
  e. Any build.xml files, other than signet/build.xml, are probably obsolete
     and may not work.

3. Signet's persistent store (database) has changed as follows:
  a. Two new tables have been added: Signet_SubjectAttribute and
     Signet_SubjectAttrValue. These provide the ability to store multiple
     values per attribute. For instance, a Person having two login IDs will
     only have one row in Signet_Subject, one row in Signet_SubjectAttribute,
     and two rows in Signet_SubjectAttrValue.
  b. NOTE!! ONLY POSTGRES.SQL IS CURRENT. THE OTHER DDL FILES ARE NOT CURRENT
     AND WILL NOT WORK. I will try to update them as time permits.
  c. It was discovered during development that Hibernate (the Object Relational
     Mapping (ORM) tool Signet uses) ignores the Sequences we defined for
     various primary keys. Instead, Hibernate uses it's own Sequence -
     'hibernate_sequence' exclusively for _all_ primary keys. I'm not sure if
     this occurs only in Postgres or is systemic. More on this later.
  d. Several tables with foreign keys to signet_subject were modified to use
     long (int8) values.
  e. Added Postgres JAR and licence files to CVS.

4. The User Interface was modified to accomodate the new architecture and to
   also use the new Signet API. Also, some syntax errors were corrected in
   the JSPs.

5. The Eclipse IDE project was modified as follows:
   a. Note: if you're a 'command-line kinda person' you can skip this.
   b. I created several 'User Libraries' to manage the numerous JAR files
      that Signet depends on. User Libraries are a convenient way of grouping
      files under a single handle. You can define your own in any one of 
      several ways. If you want to know how, drop me an e-mail. I created an
      XML and readme in Signet/DevGoodies/Eclipse_IDE/. You'll get these files
      the next time you checkout or update from CVS.

6. Signet Utilities (TreeXmlLoader, SubsystemXmlLoader, SubjectFileLoader, and
   SignetProxy)
   a. I created a DOS (okay, Windows) batch file that will make setting the
      CLASSPATH a little easier. Each of the utilities' run.bat files calls
      util\dist-signet_cp.bat to set the CLASSPATH prior to running the
      utility. YOU MAY NEED TO CHANGE THE SIGNET_LIBS VARIABLE to have it
      work properly with your installation.
   b. I'll try to keep this file current with subsequent Signet releases. But if
      things suddenly stop working, this is one place to check for problems.
   c. For Linux/Unix users, the CLASSPATH is still created dynamically. So, the
      above-mentioned problems are not an issue.


      
   